hey everyone my name is neil patel and
welcome to cro unlocked this is a
training course it happens over two
weeks there are six videos in total
along with cheat sheets worksheets pdfs
handouts so that way you can improve
your conversion rate a little bit about
me my name is neil patel as i mentioned
i'm the co-founder of ad agency np
digital where we help companies grow
their traffic as well as improve their
conversion rates i'm also the owner of
uber says which is a seo tool in the
past i've created a few other companies
like crazyegg which is a conversion tool
that has heat maps kissmetrics which is
no longer around quick sprout which was
my old blog
hello bar and a few others i've helped a
lot of big businesses improve their
traffic grow their revenue i've also
helped a lot of small businesses do the
same as well as increase their
conversion rate and i've delivered
results for a lot of companies the point
i'm trying to make here is not to brag
that hey i've worked with all these
brands it's more so to show you that if
these brands trust in me and i
continually work with big brands like
this it's because the stuff i'm doing is
working which means when i give you
stats data tactics strategies make sure
you follow them and take the time to
implement them because if you do you'll
generate more revenue
if you're new to the art of conversion
rate optimization i'm going to take the
next minute to catch you up so we're on
the same page my co-founder of crazy egg
um he's now the full owner
he's actually also my brother-in-law he
has a quote and i love it
when you get back to the basics
marketing is simple marketing means
getting people in your store and once
they're there getting more of them to
buy online marketing means the following
new signups equals traffic times
conversion rate it really is that simple
and some examples of this is if you have
an email opt-in you have 100 visitors 10
people put in their email address that's
a 10 conversion rate if you're selling a
product and you have a thousand visitors
30 of them buy that's a 3 conversion
rate the course focus is going to be to
double your leads and sales doesn't
matter if you're b2b b2c the goal is to
get you more sales and over the next two
weeks i'm gonna give you the lessons
workbooks resources tools cheat sheets
everything you need to grow
quick stat for you internet commerce is
projected to grow year over year is
projected to grow over to 6.54 trillion
us dollars by 2023 that's massive and
conversion optimization can help you
generate more sales keep in mind
commerce isn't just selling physical
goods on your website it's also selling
services you can be accountant that's
considered online commerce or e-commerce
as well believe it or not when they look
at these stats and data
so why should you do conversion rate
optimization
what's the easiest leverage point that
you have in your business to increase
your sales and your revenue sometimes by
twenty percent thirty percent and in
some cases two times five times without
spending any more money on advertising
and when you raise your conversion rate
by a hundred percent that means you're
doubling your sales and that means you
can spend more money on marketing and
traffic acquisition to grow even faster
and beat your competition
here's a example of a retailer
unoptimized is 500 daily orders
average initial order 65 dollars upsell
price is 55. upsell conversion rates
five percent total up so is 25. upsell
revenue is 1375.
on the flip side if you're optimized
you're getting 500 orders a day and your
average initial order value is 65 and
your upsell price is still 55
but if you can upsell
instead of 5 you can upsell 15
your total upsells would jump to 75
instead of 25 which means
in total your upsell revenue would be 4
125 it's a massive difference the
difference is 2 750 per day
conversion optimization
is how you get more people to give you
more money
one of my friends jared mitchell and his
wife elena mitchell who runs skincare by
elena
they have a website that teaches people
about skin care and beauty and despite
having more than three million dollars
in website revenue they knew there was
much more opportunity to grow
so their solution was to build a strong
foundation with seo as well as optimize
for conversions
and they improved their cvr by over 200
using surveys and split tests and seo
and that revenue really had an impact on
their life because it just drastically
boosted their profit margins their
self-funded business and it changed
their life and so much so they're even
able to move into a better neighborhood
for their kids and things worked out
quite well and they're still growing
today
here's another one private label
extensions challenge
they're a wholesale extension supplier
based in atlanta who want to increase
their traffic and conversions within
their space
their solution
they helped augment their full funnel
strategy with relevant messaging lead
capturing and email marketing as well as
helping them rank with high quality
content link building and when they tied
all that in with some cro their revenue
increased from 3.1 million to 7.9
million they were on the inc 500 list
which is the top 500 fastest growing
companies two years in a row which is
amazing and their traffic of course
increase as well your website is
probably earning roughly one-fifth of
what it should be and that's why you
need to do conversion rate optimization
and i'm going to teach you what i
learned over the last decade so you can
go and implement it and each week you'll
have a few action steps to complete and
i'll give you the worksheets
downloadable assets and actions and
cheat sheets and everything that you
need and you'll be able to download them
at neilpatel.com
training and then click on sierra
unlocked and in the first lesson
overview you'll find the
cro industry fact document as well as
the course itinerary
and i want you to keep in mind cro is
all about one percent gains you know if
you've heard in my speeches before i
always use the example of dave
brailsford and i love it he's won the
tour de france six times and he's like
you're not gonna win by pedaling faster
or eating better everyone does it
everyone trains hard but it's all the
little things you get good sleep the
night before did you optimize the
aerodynamics of your helmet your seat
are your shoes comfortable all those
little things is what really helps you
win
and that's how you build big companies
over time just like toyota they didn't
build a 272 billion dollar business
overnight it was done over 82 years and
they just optimized little little things
over time and that's how they won
by the end of this course you'll know
how to optimize your site for
more conversions and you'll be able to
drive more better results so that's it
if you enjoy this video like it share it
tell the people about it and make sure
you check out neilpatel.com training and
click on serial unlock so you can get
all the assets and the files you need as
well